# github-action-push-to-another-repository

## Main changes
1. Add support for private repositories
   The previous code does not support private repositories, and will report an error:
   >fatal: could not read Username for 'https://github.com': No such device or address
   I change it to  `git clone "https://$API_TOKEN_GITHUB@github.com/$GITHUB_REPOSITORY.git" repo`, and it works.
2. Add support for relative path
    ```bash
    echo "##### Copying contents to git repo #####"
    mkdir -p "$CLONE_DIRECTORY/$DESTINATION_DIRECTORY"
    for file in $SOURCE_FILES; do
        # 获取文件的相对路径
        relative_path=$(dirname "$file")
        # 创建相应的目录结构
        mkdir -p "$CLONE_DIRECTORY/$DESTINATION_DIRECTORY/$relative_path"
        # 复制文件，保留相对路径
        cp -rvf "$file" "$CLONE_DIRECTORY/$DESTINATION_DIRECTORY/$relative_path/"
    done
    cd "$CLONE_DIRECTORY"
    ```
3. Make the README more clear

## Introduction
An action that copies several files or directories from one github repository to another, and commits the changes.

You could, for example, use this to copy a webpage generated by another github action to a directory in a github.io website automatically when the webpage repository is updated.

## Inputs
### `source-files` (argument)
The files/directories to copy to the destination repository. Can have multiple space-separated filenames and globbing.

### `destination-username` (argument)
The name of the user or organization which owns the destination repository. E.g. `nkoppel`

### `destination-repository` (argument)
The name of the repository to copy files to, E.g. `push-files-to-another-repository`

### `destination-branch` (argument) [optional]
The branch name for the destination repository. Defaults to `master`.

### `destination-directory` (argument) [optional]
The directory in the destination repository to copy the source files into. Defaults to the destination project root.

### `destination-branch` (argument) [optional]
The branch to push to in the destination repository. Defaults to `master`.

### `commit-username` (argument) [optional]
The username to use for the commit in the destination repository. Defaults to `destination-username`

### `commit-email` (argument)
The email to use for the commit in the destination repository.

### `commit-message` (argument) [optional]
The commit message to be used in the output repository. Defaults to "Update from [destination url]@[commit]".

The string `ORIGIN_COMMIT` is replaced by `[destination url]@[commit]`.

### `API_TOKEN_GITHUB` (environment)
The github api token which allows this action to push to the destination repository.
E.g.:
  `API_TOKEN_GITHUB: ${{ secrets.API_TOKEN_GITHUB }}`

To generate your personal token following the steps:
* Go to the Github Settings (on the right hand side on the profile picture)
* On the left hand side pane click on "Developer Settings"
* Click on "Personal Access Tokens" (also available at https://github.com/settings/tokens)
* Generate a new token, choose "Repo". Copy the token.

Then make the token available to the Github Action following the steps:
* Go to the Github page for the repository that you push from, click on "Settings"
* On the left hand side pane click on "Secrets"
* Click on "Add a new secret" and name it "API_TOKEN_GITHUB", and paste your personal token.

## Example usage
```yaml
    - name: Push generated webpage to another repository
      if: env.sync_files != ''
      uses: EuDs63/push-files-to-another-repository@master
      env:
        API_TOKEN_GITHUB: ${{ secrets.API_TOKEN_GITHUB }}
      with:
        source-files: ${{ env.sync_files }}
        destination-username: 'EuDs63'
        destination-repository: 'EuDs63.github.io'
        destination-directory: 'content/posts/'
        commit-username: 'EuDs63'
        commit-email: 'erica23187@gmail.com'
        destination-branch: hugo-blog-backup
```
